docs(messaging): add note about local notification apis (#3221)
invertase/react-native-firebase: docs/messaging/index.md

cost free service, allowing for server-device and device-device communication. The React Native Firebase Messaging
module provides a simple JavaScript API to interact with FCM.

> The Messaging module is only responsible for handling data-only messages. Notifcations are [not available](https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase/issues/2566) in React Native Firebase v6. We now offer a seperate notifications package. [Notifee](https://github.com/notifee/react-native-notifee) is free to use in development and for non-profits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Messaging module is only responsible for handling remote messages. Local notifications APIs are [no longer available](https://github.com/invertase/react-native-firebase/issues/2566) in React Native Firebase v6 and above. We now offer a separate notifications package; [Notifee](https://github.com/notifee/react-native-notifee) is free to use in development, free for open source applications and free for non-profit organisations.
```
